packages/nextjs-certificates-example/README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/mentaport-logo.png" alt="mentaport logo" width="500" />
</div>

# Mentaport NextJS SDK Example

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app) showing example usage of Mentaport's official SDK.

You will find how to initialize the SDK, call all the main functions, and visualize the results inside
`src/app/actions/mentaport`. Code for UI and input handling can be found inside `src/components/tab-section`.

> Using SDK Version: [`1.2.0-alpha.1`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mentaport/certificates)
> NodeJS: v18.0+

## Environment Variables

To run this project properly, you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file. You can get all variables from your Settings Page in the Mentaport Certificate App website.

```
NEXT_MENTAPORT_API=your_api_key
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ID=your_contract_id
```

## Run the Example Locally

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd packages/nextjs-certificates-example
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
    # or
  yarn install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
    # or
  yarn dev
```

To interact with the Example, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser.

## Example Usage

There are 5 SDK usage examples to interact with.

    1. Create a New certificate
    2, Update a Failed/Non-Active Certificate
    3. Fetch Existing Certificate(s)
    4. Verify Downloaded Content
    5. Fetch My Contract(s)

#### Creating a New Certificate

This example lets you interact will all required and optional parameters to create a new certificate using your contract ID and API Key.

![create certificate example](img/example-create.png)

#### Updating a Failed/Non-Active Certificate

This example lets you interact with updating a certificate that failed to approve due to pre-existing certificate/internal error.

![update certificate example](img/example-update.png)

### Fetching Specific/All certificates

This example demonstates example usage and results of how to fetch specific and all certificates belonging to the current user.

![fetch certificates example](img/example-certificates.png)

### Verifying Downloaded Content

This example demonstates an example usage and results of selecting a local file to upload and check for a pre-existing certificate

![verify local content example](img/example-verification.png)

### Fetching A User's Contract(s)

This example demonstates an example usage and results of fetching for the existing user's contracts based on the API key.

![fetch contracts example](img/example-contracts.png)

## Support

[Mentaport Documentation](https://docs.mentaport.com)

Commit message:

example updated to use latest Certificate SDK

packages/nextjs-certificates-example/README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="img/mentaport-logo.png" alt="mentaport logo" width="500" />
</div>

# Mentaport NextJS SDK Example

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app) showing example usage of Mentaport's official SDK.

You will find how to initialize the SDK, call all the main functions, and visualize the results inside
`src/app/actions/mentaport`. Code for UI and input handling can be found inside `src/components/tab-section`.

> Using Latest SDK Version: [`1.3.0-alpha.1`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mentaport/certificates)
> NodeJS: v18.0+

## Environment Variables

To run this project properly, you will need to add the following environment variables to your `.env` file. You can get all variables from your Settings Page in the Mentaport Certificate App website.

```
NEXT_MENTAPORT_API=your_api_key
NEXT_PUBLIC_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id
```

## Run the Example Locally

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd packages/nextjs-certificates-example
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
    # or
  yarn install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
    # or
  yarn dev
```

To interact with the Example, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser.

## Example Usage

There are 5 SDK usage examples to interact with.

    1. Create a New certificate
    2, Update a Failed/Non-Active Certificate
    3. Fetch Existing Certificate(s)
    4. Verify Downloaded Content
    5. Fetch My Project(s)

#### Creating a New Certificate

This example lets you interact will all required and optional parameters to create a new certificate using your project ID and API Key.

![create certificate example](img/example-create.png)

#### Updating a Failed/Non-Active Certificate

This example lets you interact with updating a certificate that failed to approve due to pre-existing certificate/internal error.

![update certificate example](img/example-update.png)

### Fetching Specific/All certificates

This example demonstates example usage and results of how to fetch specific and all certificates belonging to the current user.

![fetch certificates example](img/example-certificates.png)

### Verifying Downloaded Content

This example demonstates an example usage and results of selecting a local file to upload and check for a pre-existing certificate

![verify local content example](img/example-verification.png)

### Fetching A User's Projects(s)

This example demonstates an example usage and results of fetching for the existing user's projects based on the API key.

![fetch projects example](img/example-projects.png)

## Support

[Mentaport Documentation](https://docs.mentaport.com)
